capital = 44

oob = "ALB_1936"

set_war_support = 0.2
set_stability = 0.3
starting_train_buffer = 3.0

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		 has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	monarchy = 60
	communism = 5
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 20
}
	
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchy
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = ALB_king_zog
recruit_character = ALB_ethem_toto
recruit_character = ALB_fan_stilian_noli
recruit_character = ALB_galeazzo_ciano
recruit_character = ALB_andrea_zisi
recruit_character = ALB_koci_xoxe
recruit_character = ALB_shefqet_verlaci
recruit_character = ALB_sadik_premtja
recruit_character = ALB_midhat_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_enver_hoxha
recruit_character = ALB_ploutis_servas
recruit_character = ALB_llazar_fundo
recruit_character = ALB_prek_cali
recruit_character = ALB_xhemal_aranitasi
recruit_character = ALB_prenk_pervizi
recruit_character = ALB_fiqri_dine
recruit_character = ALB_gustav_von_myrdacz
recruit_character = ALB_jocelyn_percy
recruit_character = ALB_abaz_kupi
recruit_character = ALB_ismet_toto
recruit_character = ALB_sanije_zogu
recruit_character = ALB_ruhije_zogu
recruit_character = ALB_myzejen_zogu
recruit_character = ALB_maxhide_zogu
recruit_character = ALB_sofet_butka
recruit_character = ALB_fuat_dibra
recruit_character = ALB_fuat_dibra_2
recruit_character = ALB_bahri_omari
recruit_character = ALB_ali_kelcyra
recruit_character = ALB_baba_ali_tomori
recruit_character = ALB_baba_mustafa_xhani
recruit_character = ALB_qemal_komani
recruit_character = ALB_xhelal_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_hajre_fetahu
recruit_character = ALB_selim_moishiou
recruit_character = ALB_alexander_mori
recruit_character = ALB_kristo_cajupi
recruit_character = ALB_halil_nergutti
recruit_character = ALB_spiro_moisiu
recruit_character = ALB_eqrem_libohova
recruit_character = ALB_zuhdi_shabani
recruit_character = ALB_aziz_sulejmani
recruit_character = ALB_rexhep_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_hasan_begolli
recruit_character = ALB_ismael_ghaxa
recruit_character = ALB_mehmet_shehu
recruit_character = ALB_beqir_balluku
recruit_character = ALB_ndok_gjeloshi
recruit_character = ALB_gjon_markagjoni
recruit_character = ALB_muharrem_bajraktari
recruit_character = ALB_aziz_cami
recruit_character = ALB_nako_spiru
recruit_character = ALB_lef_nosi
recruit_character = ALB_qemal_stafa
recruit_character = ALB_xhafer_deva

activate_advisor = ALB_ethem_toto

add_ideas = {
	ALB_Agrarian_country
	ALB_Severe_consequences_of_the_economic_crisis
	ALB_Failure_of_general_education
	ALB_Ineffective_land_reform
	ALB_Dependence_on_Italy
	ALB_Second_Tirana_Pact
	ALB_Religious_diversity
	ALB_Debts_to_Italy
	#laws
	closed_economy
	limited_conscription
}


###механики
set_country_flag = ALB_king_authority_3 ###Средний

ITA = {
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = ROOT
		relation = military_access
		active = yes
	}
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = ROOT
		relation = docking_rights
		active = yes
	}
	give_guarantee = ROOT
	add_opinion_modifier = { target = ROOT modifier = ALB_Dependence_on_Italy }
}

set_convoys = 20



1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
		ALB_Agrarian_country
		ALB_Severe_consequences_of_the_economic_crisis
		ALB_Failure_of_general_education
		ALB_Ineffective_land_reform
		ALB_Dependence_on_Italy
		ALB_Second_Tirana_Pact
		ALB_Religious_diversity
		ALB_Debts_to_Italy
		ALB_ethem_toto
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 89
		communism = 1
		neutrality = 5
		fascism = 5
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}