capital = 230 #Yerevan, Armenia

oob = "AZR_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 36
	fascism = 54
	communism = 10
}

set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.3

add_ideas = {
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	limited_conscription
	ARM_problems_of_the_caucasus
	ARM_political_chaos
	ARM_legacy_of_genocide
	ARM_church
}

recruit_character = ARM_garegin_nzhdeh
recruit_character = ARM_hovhannes_kajasnuni
recruit_character = ARM_jacques_bagratuni
recruit_character = ARM_drastamat_kanayan
recruit_character = ARM_christophor_araratyan
recruit_character = ARM_movses_silikyan
recruit_character = ARM_ruben_tir_minasian
recruit_character = ARM_pot
recruit_character = ARM_coi
recruit_character = ARM_stc
recruit_character = ARM_aco2
recruit_character = ARM_acd2
recruit_character = ARM_acr
recruit_character = ARM_acgs
recruit_character = ARM_nccr
recruit_character = ARM_ncm
recruit_character = ARM_ar
recruit_character = ARM_ai2
recruit_character = ARM_aa2
recruit_character = ARM_acas
recruit_character = ARM_ncs
recruit_character = ARM_mt
recruit_character = ARM_nt
recruit_character = ARM_awt

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
		ARM_problems_of_the_caucasus
		ARM_political_chaos
		ARM_legacy_of_genocide
		ARM_church
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}