capital = 206 #Minsk

oob = "BLR_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 20


recruit_character = BLR_vasil_zacharka
recruit_character = BLR_radaslau_astrouski
recruit_character = BLR_panteleimon_ponomarenko
recruit_character = BLR_adam_stankievic
recruit_character = BLR_augustyn_i_czartoryski
recruit_character = BLR_francisak_kusal
recruit_character = BLR_michas_hanko
recruit_character = BLR_michal_vituska
recruit_character = BLR_dzmitryj_kasmovic
recruit_character = BLR_uladislau_kazlouski
recruit_character = BLR_pavel_korchik
recruit_character = BLR_stanislau_grinkevich
recruit_character = BLR_branislau_tarashkevich
recruit_character = BLR_boris_berman
recruit_character = BLR_frantishak_kushal
recruit_character = BLR_fabian_akinchic
recruit_character = BLR_mihas_ganko
recruit_character = BLR_janka_kupala
recruit_character = BLR_ivan_ermachenka
recruit_character = BLR_vasil_zaharka
recruit_character = BLR_simon_kandibovich
recruit_character = BLR_klaudzi_duz_dusheuski
recruit_character = BLR_vasily_sokolovsky
recruit_character = BLR_ivan_yakubovsky
recruit_character = BLR_bulak_bulahovich
recruit_character = BLR_ivan_pstygo
recruit_character = BLR_fedor_dobysh
recruit_character = BLR_valentin_drozd
recruit_character = BLR_georgy_holostyakov
recruit_character = BLR_mihal_vitushka
recruit_character = BLR_dzmitry_kasmovvich
recruit_character = BLR_maksim_antonyuk
recruit_character = BLR_aleksei_antonov
recruit_character = BLR_stepan_krasovsky



set_popularities = {
	democratic = 35
	neutrality = 20
	communism = 35
	fascism = 10
}
	
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1935.6.9"
	election_frequency = 12
	elections_allowed = no # none after offset 1
}



1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}