capital = 689

oob = "BWI_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_heavy_tank = 1  # PLACEHOLDER
	#basic_medium_tank = 1 # PLACEHOLDER
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	basic_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	early_battlecruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
}

set_convoys = 100


recruit_character = BWI_aleksandr_shervashidze
recruit_character = BWI_akaki_mgeladze
recruit_character = BWI_pot
recruit_character = BWI_coi
recruit_character = BWI_stc
recruit_character = BWI_aco2
recruit_character = BWI_acd2
recruit_character = BWI_acr
recruit_character = BWI_acgs
recruit_character = BWI_nccr
recruit_character = BWI_ncm
recruit_character = BWI_ar
recruit_character = BWI_ai2
recruit_character = BWI_aa2
recruit_character = BWI_acas
recruit_character = BWI_ncs
recruit_character = BWI_mt
recruit_character = BWI_nt
recruit_character = BWI_awt




set_popularities = {
	democratic = 81
	communism = 19
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.1.1"
	election_frequency = 24
	elections_allowed = no	
}



1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}