capital = 271

oob = "ETH_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	elephant_art_support = 1
}

set_convoys = 20
set_variable = { ETH_elephants_trait_var = 1 }
add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 3 }
set_country_flag = ETH_brazilian_factory_flag

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	#complete_national_focus = army_effort
	
	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_rule = { can_join_factions = no }

add_ideas = {
	#laws
	extensive_conscription
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	#ideas
	ETH_brazilian_factory
	ETH_partial_slavery
	ETH_elephants
}

set_popularities = {
	monarchy = 100
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchy
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = ETH_haile_selassie
recruit_character = ETH_fitawrari_yeebio_woldai
recruit_character = ETH_seyoum_mengesha
recruit_character = ETH_amha_selassie
recruit_character = ETH_amare_makonnen
recruit_character = ETH_haile_mariam
recruit_character = ETH_wehib_pasha
recruit_character = ETH_nasibu_zeamanuel
recruit_character = ETH_imru_haile_selassie
recruit_character = ETH_damtou_desta
recruit_character = ETH_abebe_aregai
recruit_character = ETH_kassa_haile_darge
recruit_character = ETH_mulugeta_yeggazu
recruit_character = ETH_tekle_mariyam

recruit_character = ETH_gabriel_zawde_gilaneh
recruit_character = ETH_woldemeskal_tariku
recruit_character = ETH_ras_kebbede
recruit_character = ETH_wondossen_kassa
recruit_character = ETH_ras_kassa
recruit_character = ETH_dedja_zinatch_nadeon
recruit_character = ETH_Viking_Tamm
recruit_character = ETH_Karl_Gustav
recruit_character = ETH_haile_abba_mersa
recruit_character = ETH_ras_seyum
recruit_character = ETH_mesfin_sileshi
recruit_character = ETH_lij_abiye_abebe
recruit_character = ETH_john_robinson
recruit_character = ETH_mihail_babichev
recruit_character = ETH_lij_johannes
recruit_character = ETH_fitauri_zawde_gobena
recruit_character = ETH_desta_damtew
recruit_character = ETH_ras_imru_haile_selassie
recruit_character = ETH_bedjironde_tekle_hawariate
recruit_character = ETH_makonnen_endelkatchew
##NW
recruit_character = ETH_Blatengeta_Lorenzo_Taezaz
recruit_character = ETH_Wolde_Selassie
recruit_character = ETH_Wolde_Yohannes
recruit_character = ETH_Onni_Niskanen
recruit_character = ETH_Eric_Virgin





#Now a colony of Italy  However, if independent it would have
1939.1.1 = {
	set_popularities = {
		monarchy = 100
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = monarchy
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
}


1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = -3 }
	remove_ideas = {
		ETH_brazilian_factory
		ETH_partial_slavery
		ETH_elephants
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}