capital = 328

oob = "MAN_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	#mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }
	set_country_flag = MAN_northern_bandits
	set_country_flag = MAN_eastern_bandits
	set_country_flag = MAN_western_bandits
	add_ideas = MAN_aisin_gioro_puyi
	add_ideas = MAN_banditry
	add_ideas = MAN_kwantung_veto
	add_ideas = MAN_low_legitimacy_5
}

set_convoys = 20

1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { date < 1941.12.4 }
		add_to_war = {
			targeted_alliance = JAP
			enemy = CHI
			hostility_reason = puppet
		}
		
		add_political_power = 1198
		
		#generic focuses
		complete_national_focus = army_effort
		complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
		complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
		complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
		complete_national_focus = naval_effort
		complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
		complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
		complete_national_focus = construction_effort
		complete_national_focus = production_effort
	}


	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }

		
		#No bandits
		unlock_national_focus = MAN_pacify_the_countryside
		remove_ideas = MAN_banditry

		complete_national_focus = MAN_army_modernization
		complete_national_focus = MAN_mukden_military_academy
		complete_national_focus = MAN_law_university
		complete_national_focus = MAN_obedience

		#Five year plan
		unlock_national_focus = MAN_first_five_year_plan
		add_timed_idea = { days = 1275 idea = MAN_five_year_plan_industry }

		complete_national_focus = MAN_trade_delegation
		complete_national_focus = MAN_expand_the_textile_industry
		complete_national_focus = MAN_hoankyoku
		complete_national_focus = MAN_invite_japanese_investors
		complete_national_focus = MAN_expand_the_railways
		complete_national_focus = MAN_develop_aluminum_sources
		complete_national_focus = MAN_social_research_unit
	}
	
	oob = "MAN_1939"
	set_technology = {
		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 95
	monarchy = 5
}

add_ideas = {
	CHI_backward_industry3
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_puyi
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_haipeng
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_xiqia
recruit_character = MAN_yoshiko_kawashima
recruit_character = MAN_zhao_shangzhi
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_pujie
recruit_character = MAN_hung_zhehuang
recruit_character = MAN_xian_yuan
recruit_character = MAN_deng_linge
recruit_character = MAN_guan_xingde
recruit_character = MAN_pujie
recruit_character = MAN_yin_zuoqian
recruit_character = MAN_nakajima_kesago
recruit_character = MAN_yonimitsu_kasahara
recruit_character = MAN_kyoiji_tomonaga
recruit_character = MAN_hesehn_tiemei
recruit_character = MAN_megata_toshiro
recruit_character = MAN_nalan_kang_an
recruit_character = MAN_yoshisuke_aikawa
recruit_character = MAN_yu_zhishan
recruit_character = MAN_zheng_xiaoxu
recruit_character = MAN_zhou_baozhong




1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
		MAN_aisin_gioro_puyi
		MAN_banditry
		MAN_kwantung_veto
		MAN_low_legitimacy_5
		MAN_mukden_military_academy
		MAN_five_year_plan_industry
		CHI_backward_industry3
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
	
	set_popularities = {
		monarchy = 95
		fascism = 5
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = monarchy
		elections_allowed = no
	}
}