capital = 957

oob = "MON_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = production_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = infrastructure_effort
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	oob = "MON_1939"
	set_technology = {
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1
		interwar_antiair = 1
	    gwtank = 1
	    early_fighter = 1
	    fighter1 = 1
	    early_bomber = 1
		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		
		mass_assault = 1
		pocket_defence = 1
		defence_in_depth = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		concentrated_industry = 1
		concentrated_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = MON_peljidiin_genden
recruit_character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
recruit_character = MON_gelegdorjiin_demid
recruit_character = MON_zhamyangiyn_lkhagvasuren
recruit_character = MON_tseren_jamsrang
recruit_character = MON_dansrabilegyin_dogsam
recruit_character = MON_horloogiyn_choybalsan
recruit_character = MON_yumjaagin_tsedenbal
recruit_character = MON_gomgchigryn_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_sukhbaataryn_yanjmaa
recruit_character = MON_davizavyn_losol
recruit_character = MON_damchagyiin_dambarel
recruit_character = MON_vg_pyrselov
recruit_character = MON_dashdorj
recruit_character = MON_lee_shou_hsin
recruit_character = MON_chimid
recruit_character = MON_buyannmeh
recruit_character = MON_haidav
recruit_character = MON_dagva
recruit_character = MON_ganbaatar
recruit_character = MON_ulanhu


1939.1.1 = {

	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
	}	

	set_popularities = {
		communism = 100
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = communism
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	
	random_unit_leader = {
		limit = { has_id = 4601 }
		promote_leader = yes
	}
	
    remove_unit_leader = 4602
	retire_character = MON_peljidiin_genden
	
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			expire = "1965.1.1"
			ideology = stalinism
			traits = {
			}
		}
	}
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}