capital = 69

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 40
	fascism = 50
	neutrality = 5
	communism = 5
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1935.6.9"
	election_frequency = 98
	elections_allowed = no # none after offset 1
}


recruit_character = SDT_ludwig_czech
recruit_character = SDT_franz_spina
recruit_character = SDT_konrad_henlein
recruit_character = SDT_pot
recruit_character = SDT_coi
recruit_character = SDT_stc
recruit_character = SDT_aco2
recruit_character = SDT_acd2
recruit_character = SDT_acr
recruit_character = SDT_acgs
recruit_character = SDT_nccr
recruit_character = SDT_ncm
recruit_character = SDT_ar
recruit_character = SDT_ai2
recruit_character = SDT_aa2
recruit_character = SDT_acas
recruit_character = SDT_ncs
recruit_character = SDT_mt
recruit_character = SDT_nt
recruit_character = SDT_awt

1941.1.1 = {
	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 97
		democratic = 3
	}
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}